(USAGI) Dearest Mamo... The
school festival day is here! My
class is running a cafe!
Our featured food item is a
special cake that Mako made!
The delicious smell must have
lured Seiya and the others back
to school...
But they're acting kinda
strange... Is something bad
going to happen to us?
(USAGI) Dearest Mamo...
Juban High is gearing up for its
annual school festival.
There's something magical about
it. Everybody's having a great
time even though we're working.
This year, our class is gonna be
doing a maid cafe.
And... there.
(MINAKO) Hey, guys!
Huh?
They done?
Ta-da!
Well? What do you think?
Whoah!
We're still working on fitting
them. [chuckle] But they'll look
like this.
It's really cute!
I guess it's true when they say
a good model makes the dress.
[giggle] It looks like I'm gonna
be taking home the title of this
year's Miss Juban High!
Don't you think so?!
[laughing] Oh wow! It even looks
cute on me!
[ohh's and ahh's]
Hello...?
(USAGI) Although...
It kinda feels loose in the
waist.
Oh! That's just because it's
made for Minako's size.
Ah...
Are you trying to pick a fight
or something?
[chattering]
It's crazy we all get to stay at
school this late. I don't know
about you...
but I'm getting super pumped up
for this event.
Well, yeah, it's a festival!
Mhm!
Yeah, and...
I love the feeling of being
surrounded by people all working
towards a common goal.
Having everybody's hearts come
together... There's just
something really great about it.
Usagi...
[gasp]
♪♪ You'd always shine so bright,
just like a little star♪♪
♪♪ I felt my heart ignite♪♪
Seems like they haven't given
up.
It'd be nice if they came to the
festival.
♪♪ Memories I'll cherish♪♪
[sigh]
The Stolen Silver Crystal:
Princess Kakyu Appears!
She still held on to this silly
photo.
How very like her.
I would have smiled, If I'd just
known that she was...
Watch over me Siren...
I will find the True Star Seed.
That's my promise to you.
Hm?
What's this?
[gasp]
(GALAXIA) The light keeps
growing stronger by the
minute...
No matter how many Star Seeds I
collect, as long as "she"
exists...
I cannot have full control over
the galaxy. I must destroy the
light as soon as possible.
(NYANKO) You summoned me?
Master Galaxia?
Where's the true Star Seed? Have
you found it?
Well... We've come across a few
candidates, but...
So you're saying you still
haven't found it.
No, that's not what I meant...!
(AKANE) Let me handle this.
Huh?
For I have finally found someone
with a true Star Seed.
No you didn't, you liar!
(GALAXIA) Silence!
[cowering meow]
For your sake, this better not
be some kind of joke.
I swear on my life.
This is your last chance.
Yes.
[grunt]
What's gotten into you?
All of a sudden you seem pretty
confident.
That's because I am pretty
What's that mean?!
Someone like you wouldn't get
it.
Try me.
Have you ever had a rival
before?
I did. And she was my best
friend.
And your point is?!
You see, I was right. You're
never going to understand.
Later.
Best friend? Seriously?
Hey... Why don't you give it a
rest?
Dammit!
[grunt] It's like she's teasing
us!
We've been singing for a while
now. We know she's already
received our message.
So why won't she show herself to
us?
Why?!
[angry breaths and grunt]
Where're you going?
To cool my head.
Seiya!
She may not have revelaed
herself, but she is nearby.
I also sensed her.
Huh?
That little girl had... the
princess' scent.
Are you saying that child holds
the key?
If it's true, things will be
much easier.
♪♪ You'd always shine so bright,
just like a little star♪♪
♪♪ I felt my heart ignite every
time you'd smile♪♪
They city's completely filled
with our song.
So why has she still not
answered us?
♪♪ Like an eternal starlight♪♪
♪♪ I wasn't strong enough, to be
your shining star♪♪
♪♪ And when the days were tough,
I hid myself from the world♪♪
What's with me... C'mon...
Oh... huh?
What is that?
[gasp]
Huh?
It disappeared...
Who's there?!
Hey...
Seiya?
Stay right there! I'll come
down-
(SEIYA) It's okay...
Just catching a glimpse of your
face was enough for me.
[blushing] You're such a weirdo,
y'know that?
People might start talking if
they hear you tried peeking into
a girl's room this late.
[chuckling]
Typical. You always have a
comeback.
[chukle]
Glad I dropped by. Later.
Wait...!
Hm?
The school festival is soon. Are
you free this Sunday?
I'm sure that you're really
busy, but I think everyone would
love it if you guys showed up.
Well that depends. What's our
class theme?
A cafe.
(SEIYA) How boring.
It's not boring! We even made
uniforms.
See?
It's cute, isn't it?
Mako's baking a cake and I can't
wait for everyone to try it
because it's so yummy!
Chibi-Chibi...?
Oh...!
Sorry, did I wake you?
I'll go.
Huh?
[falling asleep]
To the festival.
Really?
Good night bun head.
Good night, Seiya...
Huh?
That scent just now...
[chattering]
(MINAKO) Thanks so much for
waiting.
Wow, the uniforms turned out
great!
[chewing]
I know!
The cakes are so good. This
cafe's amazing!
[chewing]
It's still kinda weird that it's
so packed.
I'm pretty sure most of them are
here for the Three Lights.
Yeah, Like that'll happen.
[sighs]
I think you should try having a
little more faith.
Huh?
(MAKOTO) Seiya's coming here?
(MINAKO) Really?!
(USAGI) [chuckle]
He said so himself.
You saw him?!
But how?!
[chuckle] It's a secret.
Come on, tell us!
Hey.
Hm?
Seiya!
You did make it.
Bun-head spoke so highly of the
cake here, I wanted to try a
piece myself.
Oh shoot... We actually just ran
out.
What...?
I'll go and whip something up!
[heavy breathing] I'll come
help!
(USAGI) Seiya.
Yeah?
Since you're here, you wanna
help us wait on tables?
Well... that's not really my
style.
[chattering]
Huh? Awww!
Butterfly! Butterfly!
[giggles]
Oh!
You mind handing that over to
us?
(REI) It looks so good, Mako!
Yeah? I hope Seiya likes
it...
He will!
Look!
Hm?
It's Taiki and Yaten...
(CHIBI-CHIBI) It's mine!
There's no mistake.
That burner belongs to the
princess!
Now... You must hand over that
incense burner you're holding.
[whimpering] No! No!
She's in trouble!
Those jerks...
Hurry! Go get help!
Right!
[heavy breathing] Huh?
Look, just give it to me.
Nuh-uh...!
[heavy breathing] Ah!
Chibi-Chibi...! [gasp]
Chibi-Chibi?
Hey, I got you. Are you okay?
Chibi!
Don't you worry, you're safe
now.
What is your problem?!
Don't interfere!
We don't have to explain
ourselves to you.
Just save your breath.
I don't need excuses from people
who harass little girls!
You're wrong if you think women
and children should be given
special treatment.
What's that?!
Or maybe...
[gasp]
What you're really saying is
go easy on you cause you're a
girl.
[grunting]
I'll say it once again.
It doesn't matter who you are.
Stay out of our way...
You got it?
(SEIYA) Stop it!
[gasps and grunt]
Mako!
What're you guys doing?!
We should be asking you that!
I really hope you didn't come
here just to see that girl.
And what if I did?
What is wrong with you?!
It's all her fault!
Leave her out of this!
Don't let that witch put her
spell on you, Seiya.
Excuse me?!
Why is it always like this?!
All of us... should be able to
work together.
We've just gotta be willing to
understand each other!
Let's go and regroup.
You too, Seiya. We need to talk.
Wait, where are you two going?
This is our own problem to
handle. It doesn't involve you
people.
Gotta go. I'm sorry.
(MINAKO) Can you believe those
guys?
I'm still shocked they were
harassing Chibi-Chibi...
Just thinking about it makes me
so mad.
Stop it already...
Usagi...?
Seiya, Taiki, and Yaten aren't
bad people. You know that.
Their voices and songs are so
beautiful.
There's no way they could be
bad.
(AKANE) Found you at last.
Huh?!
What the...?!
Before my friend passed on, she
wrote in this. And it's filled
with some great info.
Who knew the true Star Seed
would be in the possession of
such an ordinary girl.
That made it quite hard to find,
Usagi Tsukino. Or should I
say... Sailor Moon!
[grunt]
I'm here to take your true Star
Seed!
So you know our secrets, huh?!
In that case...
No need to hold back!
It's time to Transform!
[grunt]
(MAKOTO) Jupiter Crystal
Power...
(AMI) Mercury Crystal
(REI) Mars Crystal
Power...
(MINAKO) Venus Crystal
Moon Eternal...
...Make Up!
(SEIYA) The princess?!
Yes, that's right. We've smelled
traces of her.
That little girl carries her
scent. Haven't you noticed it?
Then what I sensed at Bun-head's
house last night was...
We saw that the child has the
princess' incense burner.
What?
If we can retreive it, then we
can find out why the princess
won't appear before us.
I get what you're saying, but
let's talk to the girls first!
(YATEN) There's no time!
We know that the princess is
nearby! And I can't wait any
more...
[gasp]
That scent again...
The princess...
(YATEN) Is it leading us
somewhere?
[gasp] Bun-head...!
(TAIKI) Seiya!
(YATEN) Wait up!
[grunt]
It's useless. You can't stop me.
Now get out of my way, unless
you want to get hurt!
Ahhh! [pained grunts]
Ahhh!
[heavy breathing]
Ha!
Ahhh! [pained groans]
You guys!
I intend to finish what Siren
started by bringing your true
Star Seed to Master Galaxia.
Now then...!
(SEIYA) Get away from her!
Huh?
Why in the world did the
princess lead us over here?
S-Star Light...
Well, whatever the reason,
we'll get rid of anyone who
stands in our way.
Oh you guys? I know about you,
too.
You're that teen idol group
aren't you?
How did you know that...?!
Stay right there!
Is that a...
Since you've traveled across the
galaxy, you must know this is a
black hole.
Those who fall in will never
return. It's a tear in the
fabric of space and time.
If I unleash this black hole...
it'll certainly swallow this
school.
There's a festival happening
now, isn't there?
I wonder how many visitors there
are...
[angered exhale]
If you do that, you'll be sucked
in too!
I don't have that much time to
live, anyway!
Get to somewhere safe,
Chibi-Chibi...
Unless I bring back a
true Star See, that is!
So... Are you going to hand it
over or not?
[grunt]
Well?!
[sigh] Alright, fine...
You can't...!
Usagi!
You idiot...
Please don't do... it...
No, don't!
Fighter!
(USAGI) Stay back!
I can't let any more innocent
lives be endangered...
Please, stop this...
Take it.
Thank you for your cooperation!
[grunt]
Ahhh!
[gasps]
Sailor Moon!
[gasp]
Ahhh!
This light...
Amazing...
I've never seen such a brilliant
Star Seed before.
We did it, Siren...
Now to take it...
Ahhhh!
[pained grunts and groans]
Oh no!
[gasp]
[evil laughter]
Oh, I see... So then, this was
your plan.
Why, you...!
All this time, I thought you and
I could become good "friends,"
but I guess not.
[struggling]
Don't worry. I'll make sure the
true Star Seed is safely
delivered to Master Galaxia.
Is this really how I'm going to
die?
Goodbye, loser...
Siren, forgive me...
[pained groan]
I better take the Star Seed and
get out of here before I get
swallowed up too.
Star Serious... Laser!
What?!
We must get rid of that black
hole!
Hang in there please...
Usagi... We'll come save you.
[smirking]
(CHIBI-CHIBI) Chibi-Chibi!
Hm?
No touch!
Move it, brat.
No!
Huh?
[gasp]
Chibi-Chibi! Ah!
[grunt]
Watch out!
Usagi!
Aw man... Bye, pretty Star
Seed... Well, I guess that means
it's time to go.
(TAIKI) Hold it!
Huh?
That was our led to the
princess!
The hell are you even talking
about?
Anyway, you guys might also
wanna make a run for it.
Nothing can stop that thing
anymore.
What?! [flinching]
This energy...
Could it be?
[struggling] Eh?
What the hell is she...?!
She destroyed the black hole!
Ah!
[sigh of relief]
Usagi...
She's alive...!
[sigh of relief]
This energy... It's really
her...!
[groggy moans and gasp]
The princess...
Princess...?
Is this the woman the three of
them have been searching for
this whole time?
[happy gasp]
(USAGI) What's all this, Minako?
(MIANKO) Pepper spray, a stun
gun, and lots of other
self-defense items!
(USAGI) Whoah... calm down.
(MINAKO) But the enemy could
show up as anyone!
A sweet little old lady, or even
a police officer!
(USAGI) I kinda doubt it...
Though at least I know I'm
well-guarded by the Sailor
Guardians!
The moonlight is a messenger of
love.
(MINAKO) Oh brother...
(USAGI) Next time on Sailor
Stars, "Crusade for the Galaxy:
Legend of the Sailor Wars."